apps/docs/content/docs/ui/installation.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: How to set up dependencies and start using Clippkit in your Remotion project.
icon: Terminal
---

### What You’ll Need First

<Callout title="Requires a Remotion Project" type="warn">
  Clippkit components only work inside a Remotion setup. If you haven’t got one
  running yet, check out the [Remotion getting started
  guide](https://www.remotion.dev/docs/) first.
</Callout>

---

### How to Use a Component (Manual Setup for Now)

Until the CLI is ready, here’s how to add a component manually:

1. **Browse the Docs:** Pick a component you’d like to use.
2. **Copy the Code:** Each component page includes its source.
3. **Add to Your Project:** Create a new file inside your Remotion app (e.g., `src/components/PoppingText.tsx`) and paste the code in.
4. **Fix Imports (if needed):** Adjust any internal paths or helpers if your project’s structure is different.
5. **Use It:** Now you can import and use the component like any other React component.

We know this isn’t the smoothest setup, but it’s temporary. The idea is to give you full access while we finish the tooling.

---

### CLI Install – Coming Soon

We’re nearly there with a CLI to make this whole thing easier. You’ll soon be able to run something like:

      ```package-install
    npx shadcn@latest add "https://clippkit/r/sliding-text"
    ```

    This will set everything up for you automatically—no copy-pasting needed.

Commit message:

feat: enable cli install of Clippkit components via shadcn cli.

apps/docs/content/docs/ui/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
description: How to set up dependencies and start using Clippkit in your Remotion project.
icon: Terminal
---

### What You’ll Need First

<Callout title="Requires a Remotion Project" type="warn">
  Clippkit components only work inside a Remotion setup. If you haven’t got one
  running yet, check out the [Remotion getting started
  guide](https://www.remotion.dev/docs/) first.
</Callout>

---

### CLI Installation (Recommended)

The easiest way to add Clippkit components to your project is using the shadcn/ui CLI:

```package-install
npx shadcn@latest add "https://clippkit.com/r/card-flip"
```

This will automatically:
- Download the component code
- Install any required dependencies
- Place the component in your project's components directory
- Set up the necessary imports

---

### Manual Installation (Alternative)

If you prefer to install components manually or need to customize the installation:

1. **Browse the Docs:** Pick a component you'd like to use.
2. **Copy the Code:** Each component page includes its source code.
3. **Add to Your Project:** Create a new file inside your Remotion app (e.g., `src/components/card-flip.tsx`) and paste the code in.
4. **Fix Imports (if needed):** Adjust any internal paths or helpers if your project's structure is different.
5. **Use It:** Now you can import and use the component like any other React component.

---

### Next Steps

Once you've installed a component (either via CLI or manually), you can:

1. **Import it** in your Remotion composition
2. **Customize the props** to match your design
3. **Add it to your video timeline**

Check out the individual component pages for detailed usage examples and API documentation.
